Xi Jinping to Chinese as I understand it
they see him as the guy who's going to
restore China to its rightful
place I am so
angry we've now reached the point where
the FBI is opening a new China related
counterintelligence case about every 10
hours didn't you find that unusual yes I
found that quite unusual if you're a fan
of this channel you know that most of
the videos I make are about the nature
of reality asking forbidden questions
engaging with heretical ideas and
getting slightly closer to seeing Beyond
the Veil but indulging this existential
curiosity is a luxury of living in a
free Society there are two systems here
there's the free and open societies and
then there's the psychotic
dictatorship our freedom is under threat
internally in the United States with big
Tech Mass surveillance big Pharma and
big agriculture but it's also Under
Siege external today I'm talking about a
country that transcends all others and
its ability to do damage to our fragile
250-year American experiment I'm talking
of course about China more specifically
I'm talking about its government the
Chinese Communist
party if you live in a major American
city you've probably been bombarded with
ads for a new Netflix series called the
three body problem a new new hit show
based on a Chinese science fiction
Trilogy about scientists grappling with
an imminent extraterrestrial
Invasion the books put the violent
brutalities of the Chinese Cultural
Revolution on full display along with
its clamp down on scientists and freeth
thinkers at times the trilogy almost
reads as an anti-government polemic and
yet the CCP and its education officials
have been recommending the three-body
problem to students across China the
book inv evolves some crazy ideas like
physics is more of a Fickle arbitrary
and human construct than we think that
aliens medal intensely with human
scientific discoveries and that the
universe is teeming with alien life that
hides itself for fear of being destroyed
so does the Chinese Communist party or
the CCP believe in aliens do they have
their own UFO reverse engineering
programs I don't know maybe that's a way
for the Chinese government to climatize
the populace when my friend David Rush
went public to whistleblow about Legacy
UFO programs last year one detail of his
testimony was frequently overshadowed by
The Sensational headlines about
recovered bodies and craft he said that
there was an ongoing Cold War to reverse
engineer the non-human technology found
and that the US was competing with
adversaries like China and Russia to see
who could make the first modern super
weapons you'd have to be willing to
Reveal Your Ace in the whole Tech cuz
once you use it then you burn it and
then now everybody knows gotta so who
knows what the CCP thinks about UFOs but
they are sending Rovers to the dark side
of the moon a move that's even
befuddling to NASA administrator Bill
Nelson why do you think they made that
decision I'm curious I have no
idea perhaps the simplest explanation
for The ccp's Unexplained tacit
endorsement of alien life in the three
body problem is simply that they need as
many young Chinese people interested in
science and engineering as possible as
the Cold War boots back up and speaking
of objects in the sky that are hard to
identify what about that innocent
Chinese spy balloon spotted over
Billings Montana in January of 2023 this
stuff is a big deal God knows what kind
of information they sucked up first off
the reporting on this object never made
any sense satellites would theoretically
have the same spy capabilities as this
balloon and if it served no functional
value in Optical reconnaissance was it
just a random provocation right before
secretary of state blinkin was supposed
to visit Beijing that doesn't make much
sense either huh a possible clue for the
purpose of the balloon was its flight
path before hitting Montana it flew over
the uan island chain in Alaska this is
the US's first line of defense an ICBM
radar system meant to detect foreign
missiles modern spy balloons can now
travel up to 200,000 ft could this spy
balloon have been testing the limit of
US radar detection
capabilities and maybe it wasn't a spy
balloon at all maybe it was a delivery
system for an EMP or an electromagnetic
pulse an EMP is basically a small nuke
without the explosion if an EMP exploded
in the atmosphere it could shut down the
grid and wipe out Electronics in large
swaths of the US in fact if the Eastern
grid were hit 75% of the US's
electricity electricity that supports
most of our population would be affected
Millions would die basic Staples like
water supply to your home that runs on
electricity unless you have access to a
well would immediately cease and this
could go on for close to a year before
the grid is back up and running again
but let's back
up grid failure is the worst case
scenario here but it's one our national
security apparatus needs to be prepared
for what about more mundane methods of
Chinese sabotage in the US in 2022 it
was revealed that bite dance the parent
company of Tik Tok planed to use the
social media app to monitor the location
of specific American citizens the
company weaponized an investigations
team to collect data about the location
of a US citizen who is simply a Tik Tok
consumer and had never worked for bite
dance let that sink in for a moment a
Chinese company wanted to use Tik Tok to
spy on an American citizen on American
soil it could have been an outspoken
journalist or a government official
maybe it was someone who works at a
charity advocating for the human rights
of the oppressed weager population
that's not the point the point is that
when you hear bite dance you should be
hearing Chinese Communist party because
the only reason that Tik Tok exists is
because the Chinese Communist Party
views it as an extension of itself let
me explain in the west t talk is full of
mindless garbage pranks nudity salacious
content that sucks up our attention for
hours on end the Chinese Communist Party
knows this perfectly well that's why
China's version of Tik Tok called Duan
is very different in fact it's full of
Science and Engineering content it
celebrates educational and athletic
achievements it also has a youth mode
which has a 5-second weight between
videos limiting kids younger than 14
from using the app for more than 40
minutes a day and doesn't let them use
it after 1: p.m. the sultan Saladin once
said in order to destroy a nation
without War all one has to do is make
nudity common among the younger
generation Tik Tok has done just this
countless failed attempts have been made
in the US to stop Tik Tok from storing
the personal data of US citizens on
Chinese servers Trump even forced the
sale of a proposed American Tik Tok spin
out to Oracle but the or rorcal buyout
never happened meaning the most widely
consumed media platform among young
people in the United States is still as
of today de facto run and managed by the
Chinese Communist party this should
change soon because on April 22nd of
2024 President Biden finally signed into
law a bipartisan bill passed by Congress
that forces Tik Tok to shut down in the
US unless it is sold to an American
company within a year but as of the
making of this video Tik Tok still
contains these insane Data Tracking
stipulations in its terms of service all
of this led to FBI director Christopher
Ray's recent statements about Tik Tok
where he expressed extreme concern we
collect certain information about the
device you use to access the platform
such as your IP address user agent model
of your device the device system network
type device IDs screen resolution
operating system app and file names and
key broke patterns or rhythms and where
you log in from multiple devices we will
be able to use your profile information
to identify your activity across devices
other than those you use to log into the
platform in the dangers of Tik Tok don't
stop at data collection and tracking the
app divides the US based on specific
social fractures the CCP is acutely
aware of in American culture stoking
tensions in areas like race gender and
identity to de moralize Americans along
issues the CCP already knows are
grievance for them but none of this is a
coincidence China has made similar
attempts in the past like when Chinese
gaming giant Beijing kumu bought the gay
dating app grinder for $93 million in
2016 only when security concerns were
raised in 2020 were they forced to sell
it grinder includes the HIV status of
many of its users I'd imagine that all
of this is sitting on a Chinese server
somewhere along with your unfinished Tik
Tok drafts to be Unleashed as comprom
mod in the event of an allout cyber
War this is all part of China's
long-term strategy to displace America
as the world's superpower and remake the
world in its own image in this video I
lay it all out what is the ccp's
strategy why did American Elites
willingly trade away its National
Security in middle class for cheap
consumer goods and personal enrichment
how did China use American decadence and
consumerism against itself and what
should the West do about all of
this this episode is going to be
absolutely crazy and we're going to
reveal a lot of new information but
before we talk about Chinese and
American cyber warfare it's important to
point out that governments are hardly
the only threat to the security of your
personal data online you probably don't
realize just how exposed your personal
information is on the web there's an
abundance of people search sites all
over over the Internet with personal
data on millions of American civilians
these sites get their information from
sketchy data brokers who collect and
sell detailed profiles of your online
activity your phone number home address
family details even your financial
information that anyone can access and
when you try to fix this yourself you
discover how many data Brokers will
still keep collecting your information
even after you've removed it manually
meaning you have to make repeated remov
requests if you really want to stay safe
this is where our incredible sponsor
incog steps in they make it super simple
to remove your data from these online
Brokers and keep it removed all you have
to do is sign up and they handle the
rest working tirelessly to deal with
data Brokers on your behalf to make sure
your information is removed and a off
these sketchy servers your personal data
can be used for identity theft financial
fraud or even showing up at your home if
someone has a vendetta so if you value
your privacy which if you watch this
channel you probably do and you like the
idea of keeping personal data secure
like I do you'll want to check out
[Music]
incognit so don't wait until it's too
late to protect yourself check the link
in the description below to take control
of your personal
data back to the
[Music]
show where did all of this tension with
China start we were supposed to be tight
allies and many American Elites acted
like that was the case as recent as a
few years ago let's go back to
1971 knowing of President Nixon's
expressed desire to visit the People's
Republic of China Premier choan Li has
extended an invitation to President
Nixon to visit China since even before
he was elected president Richard Nixon
was interested in improving relations
with China and siphoning them off from
the Soviets he thought that he could
exploit casos Soviet split to undermine
the global communist threat so his
secretary of state Henry Kissinger went
to China to meet with Premier Z en and
Joe basically told Kissinger to his face
about China's plan to displace America
America is the ba Joe told Kissinger his
translator told Kissinger ba meant
leader but the word ba doesn't exactly
mean leader Joe wasn't complimenting the
United States he was telling us that the
Chinese saw America as a tyrant and that
our days as the global hedgemon were
numbered the US didn't listen carefully
enough and this sort of tongue and cheek
double speak has run rampant in China's
Communications with the United States
since then you seem to understand the
sort of double speak that's sort of
constantly in play on the Chinese side
in a way that other uh US foreign
Representatives it just doesn't even
dawn on them and it's hidden in plain
sight in many ways Michael Pillsbury is
an experienced for foreign policy
strategist who's been thinking and
writing about China for longer than I've
been alive and he's been a part of
presidential Administration since nexit
do you think that other foreign policy
Representatives sort of understand uh
what's going on at all in terms of
China's orientation towards us uh I
think the key is how many years of
preparation are needed before someone is
um named to be an authority on China mhm
I learned the Proverbs that the Chinese
use today to describe iic situations I
learned those Proverbs as part of a
language training program in my second
year we used to have dinners and lunches
inside the Pentagon for Chinese generals
we would go to their pentagon have
lunches and dinners you can't discuss
top secret stuff with a potential
adversary but you can discuss ancient
history MH so you can say who's the
smartest Emperor the tong Dynasty or the
Han Dynasty and you get a debate going
mhm among the Chinese generals mhm why
what makes a good strategist and then
you're dealing with very fascinating
insights what does make the best
strategist yeah but you can't do that
unless you're conversant with their
history and
culture Pillsbury believes the Waring
States period is key to understanding
the CCP strategy in pillsbury's book the
100-year marathon he even writes that
Chinese strategy is at its core a
product of lessons derived from the
Waring States period he cites a Chinese
government document from 1991 which used
a Waring States era proverb Tang y we
when the document was leaked Beijing
translated it as bu your time build your
capabilities the CCP has always insisted
that the strategy never had any intent
Beyond encouraging China's internal
development but Pillsbury sees it
another way in his book he says that in
its proper context the proverb actually
alludes to overturning the old hegemon
and exacting Revenge once the rising
power has developed the ability to do so
the old hegemon the old ba you guessed
it the United
States Nixon was right when he called
his visit to China in that time the week
that changed the world but it would
changed the world in a way that only the
Chinese Communist Party could have
predicted by the late 1970 s China's
economic boom had begun the boom lifted
hundreds of millions of Chinese people
out of poverty and transformed China
from a backwards agrarian economy into
one that today represents a
manufacturing base for the world how did
this all happen while America kind of
asked for it strong and prosperous China
is America's strategy and goal and the
subliminal kind of theme is we the West
humiliated China and did a lot of bad
bad things to China for 100 years so now
we have to make up for these bad things
by building a strong and prosperous
China so what does this mean foreign
direct investment technology policy
that's very relaxed if the Chinese want
to come to school study Physics in
America hey 300,000 is not a problem
yeah if they want to have laboratory
contracts with all the major
universities physics and chemistry
departments hey strong and prosperous
China so it's a conscious policy
decision in documents signed by
different presidents we will build China
into a major power but the only reason
it made sense is they're not going to
succeed very well yeah maybe they'll be
one of five but we will still easily be
number
one American Elites believe the World is
Flat not literally but in the Thomas
fredman sort of way fredman is a New
York Times columnist who wrote a book
called The World is Flat in 2005 the
book's basic thesis is that economic
liberalization creates an irresistible
pressure for political liberalization
this essential tenant is the Bedrock of
both neoliberalism and in many ways
neoconservatism along with economic
liberalization will inevitably come
political liberalization and what
actually happened is we might have
gotten glass nost but we did not get
Parish
with China the problem is that that
policy is still in effect today it has
not been changed mhm when it came to
China American Elites drink fredman's
thesis like Kool-Aid take Goldman Sachs
it spent decades cultivating
relationships in China Goldman exploited
these ties to win Prime roles in major
Chinese IPOs petrochina in 2000 the Bank
of China in 2006 DD in 2021 American
Elites believed that by helping China
integrate into Global markets and
liberal institutions they would get rich
and China would liberalize it was a
win-win except it didn't work out that
way instead China's leaders noted
America's decadence and used it against
them systematically flipping the script
just take this example China invested $1
billion in Black Rock black rock is the
main proponent of ESG investing or a
three-letter acronym that represents how
well a company virtue signals and is
willing to sacrifice value creation for
Pure Optics around environmentalism and
social justice as Peter teal says
whenever you hear ESG should just think
CCP American leaders have shown a
complete willingness to trade away
security for money and the Chinese
installed the perfect person to further
exploit that weakness XI Jin
[Music]
Pang exactly five watch nerds in your
audience will be thrilled to see that
you are awaring ing the limited edition
John Mayor hinki G-Shock collab which is
based off of the sk5 CIO keyboard that I
had as a kid that John Mayer had as a
kid he made more use of it apparently
than I did yeah Josh Rogan is a
journalist for the Washington Post Yeah
so I you know fell ass backwards into
journalism in a failed attempt to become
a scholar of us Japan relations which is
also why I'm addicted to Japanese ramen
his great book chaos under Heaven about
us China relations during the Trump
Administration documents America's kind
of ignorant and often schizophrenic
orientation towards China very
thoroughly it also shows just how many
greedy American Bankers politicians
policy makers and businessmen have
simply been bought off by the Chinese
over the last two
decades I mean what you're talking about
is Elite capture and the way they do it
is through something called the united
front the united front is like a massive
parasite which Burrows its way under the
skin of the host countries laying eggs
that hatch in the future and it's
already here some of these are important
people some of these are businesses
foundations anyone who has an interest
in doing business with the party who has
influence abroad in early 2017 just
weeks after his father finished his term
as Vice President Hunter Biden flew to
Miami to meet Yan Ming the founder of
the CFC China energy Company Limited
over a private dinner ye offered Hunter
Biden $10 million a year for a minimum
of 3 years for quote unquote
introductions he also presented him with
a diamond worth
$80,000 here's a photo of that diamond
taken from Hunter's laptop like why did
he give me a diamond my dad's not even
vice president anymore well maybe he'll
be president someday it's a good Diamond
investment in h bid it was an investment
not a gift a seed planted in fertile
soil
I'm cooperating um completely but the
bribery and blackmail are bipartisan
just listen to this story about Neil
Bush George and Jeb's younger brother on
his many business ventures in China he
was he admitted in his divorce
deposition that women were sent to his
room to have sex with him who he didn't
know and he just did it and his wife's
divorce lawyer asked him in the
deposition didn't you find that unusual
Mr Bush and he said yes I found that
quite unusual I I think I have a
different perspective than most
Americans because of my cless to to
China or Elaine Chow Trump's Secretary
of Transportation and Mitch McConnell's
wife in her first year on the job Chow
held 21 meetings with Chinese State
media and she did zero interviews with
American Media in more than a dozen of
those interviews she was seated next to
her father founder of a multi-billion
dollar privately held shipping company
called the foremost group with the
transportation Department's Flags
clearly visible in the background and
when she booked in an official trip to
China she forced the state department to
include her family members in meetings
with key Chinese officials the Chow
Family is a unicorn American royalty and
Chinese royalty at the same time their
business interests and political
activities are closely intertwined or
take Wendy Deng Murdoch Rupert's thirdd
wife she's clearly the the very least a
super important back Channel highly
placed sort of non-official goet between
the top leadership in Beijing and
leaders all over the world you know
Tony in early 2017 Wendy Deng Murdoch
lobed for the construction of a Chinese
Garden at the National Arboretum in
Washington the $100 million project was
set to be funded by the Chinese
government oh and it also included a 70t
high White Tower that the FBI even
thought could be used for spire and
Wendy dang Murdoch lived in the same
building as shared nanka and the sharid
babysitter and she gave him their
nannies and that's why Jared and
ivanka's children speak
Chinese in March of 2013 a Blog claimed
that Wendy Murdoch had worked for the
propaganda division of the people's
Liberation Army and that she'd been
recruited as far back as
1986 in 2020 FBI director Christopher
Ray warns that we've now reached the
point where the FBI is opening a new
China related Counter Intelligence case
about every 10 hours there are the
confucious institutes academic front
organizations completely controlled by
the CCP on various American college
campuses although many have closed more
than a dozen continue to operate today
the CCP also steals American
intellectual property through its League
of a th000 talents program in December
of 2021 the chair of Harvard's
Department of Chemistry Charles Liber
was convicted of six felonies regarding
his involvement in the Thousand talents
program it had been discovered that the
Wuhan Institute of Technology had
provided him with a $50,000 monthly
stiping more than
$150,000 of living expenses and more
than $1.5 million to establish a
laboratory back in China Liber was one
of the world's leading chemists a
Pioneer in nanotechnology and the
Chinese just bought him and why is
nobody talking about the fact that the
Wuhan Institute of Technology paid him
off for years before the pandemic hit
I'm not suggesting there's necessarily a
connection there but I've never even
heard somebody broach the
topic Chinese influence in America
extends well beyond just the united
front take another example you might
remember from
2019 darl M was the general manager of
the Houston Rockets NBA team on October
4th dismayed by China's repression of
pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong he
shared a seven-word tweet that read
Fight For Freedom stand with Hong Kong
it was a simple gesture of support for a
society suffering under the weight of
the Chinese boot China went
[Music]
crazy this was to be expected what was
shocking was the NBA's complicity the
owner of the Houston Rockets quickly
distanced the team from Mor's comments
the team's best player James Harden
publicly apologized to China in the
aftermath yeah we apologize um you know
you know we love China we love you know
playing here the NBA then released a
gring statement which recognized that
Mor's tweet deeply offended many of our
friends and fans in China a followup by
the League's commissioner didn't improve
matters meanwhile LeBron James said he
believed myy wasn't educated on the
situation at hand I believe wasn't
educated on on on the situation at
hand China is the NBA's most lucrative
overseas Market threats to pull out of
sponsorship deals and boycott the league
were enough to make the NBA cave it
didn't work the league still lost
hundreds of millions of dollars because
in the eyes of Beijing it wasn't
sufficiently apologetic he was not sorry
at all [__] sh [__] sh John Cena has
suffered the same fate as darl Mory
being forced to apologize in Chinese
after simply calling Taiwan a
[Music]
country I could easily name a hundred
other examples from around the world but
I'll spare you the point is it's a
systematic strategy what can shoot
shot there's another way that China
shapes the world order infiltrating
International
institutions for years now China has
been pushing its civil servants or those
of its clients and partners to the top
of Institutions that set Global
standards for air travel
telecommunications and agriculture
covid-19 revealed the extent to which
China has compromised the World Health
Organization just look at what happened
when a Hong Kong news Outlet asked a who
official if it would consider admitting
Taiwan as a
I'm actually curious on talking about
Taiwan as well on taiwan's
case China has used CO as a weapon to
weaken the rest of the world it
deliberately supressed news about the
virus even as it knew it was circulating
in Wuhan it locked down domestic travel
before it locked down international
travel just think about that China knew
Co was contagious and even deadly in
many cases but it was still perfectly
willing for it to circulate and kill
people in other countries if China had
to suffer the rest of the world had to
suffer too how did China know so much
about the virus because it appeared
right on the doorstep of the Wuhan
Institute of virology the lab that
possessed the world's largest collection
of bat Corona viruses and the closest
known relative to SARS
cov2 oh my God there's been an outbreak
of chocy goodness near Hershey
Pennsylvania what do you think happened
like oh I don't know maybe a steam
shovel made it with a cocoa bean or it's
the Chocolate Factory maybe that's it
that could be when I learned about this
it reminded me of an old ma quote when a
Yugoslav Diplomat visited Pang in 1957
and asked about the threat of nuclear
weapons Mao is said to have replied we
have a very large territory in a big
population
atomic bombs could not kill us all
that's a chilling quote but one that
reflects a mindset totally alien to most
Americans it shows that China's leaders
have always been committed to a
dialectical materialism that sees
conflict and even massive human
suffering as inevitable costs of
progress It's why the CCP won't care at
all after a stock market crashed caused
by their clampdowns they've cemented
absolute power and it's why Co was
confirmation if anything that the use of
asymmetric bio cyber and information
Warfare is possible against the us as
long as you get certain American
bureaucrats bought
in Mr
Trump has spent a lot of time trying to
understand China the United States lost
over 3 million manufacturing jobs nearly
a quarter of All Steel jobs and 60,000
factories after China joined the WTO he
had an
instinctive view also this in one of his
books that came out in
2000 he says the Chinese are the best
negotiators in the world and if I were
negotiating with them the only way I
could get leverage would be to be
unpredictable before he ran for
president Donald Trump was doing
business in China for decades so he
always understood what it was doing
especially on trade Trump had many of
the right instincts when it came to
China but in office his administration
was way too dysfunctional to implement a
coherent solution Trump never hired a
chinar he never empowered one person I'm
an eyewitness to what you're calling the
Trump Inner Circle the way it worked it
really was a circle president would sit
behind the desk he would array in front
of him in a
semicircle maybe eight
chairs and I was in one chair vice
president Pence would sit over in his
own chair back on the sofas Jared
Kushner the notaker Matt pottinger
General Kelly chief of staff and this
one meeting I'm thinking of which just
before bu the series and it functioned
when what John Bolton has called a food
fight a free willing debate if you want
to persuade the president who sometimes
has his arms folded like you know I want
to hear something really
good looking back the one China related
achievement of Trump's time as president
was the so-called trade War you know we
the piggy bank that everybody steals
from including China six months after
his inauguration Trump directed The
Office of the United States trade
representative to investigate China's
economic practices the subsequent report
found that Chinese theft of American
intellectual property cost the US
economy between $225 billion and $600
billion every year as a result Trump
imposed about $50 billion worth of
tariffs on Chinese Imports to complement
earlier tariffs on steel and aluminum of
course Wall Street went crazy in
protests saying that the tariffs would
cause all sorts of inflation in fact the
tariffs didn't cause any
inflation by all accounts Trump had good
intentions with the tariffs and they did
bring China to the negotiating table
when he signed the phase one agreement
with XI in fact Biden even ended up Le
leaving the tariffs in place when she
miserably failed to uphold his
commitment to increase Chinese purchases
of us goods and agricultural products
only purchasing 58% of what he committed
[Music]
to and what about foreign policy in
early 2020 the Trump Administration
issued its most comprehensive report on
China it was called the United States
strategic approach to the People's
Republic of China and it laid out all of
the administration's China policy in
more clarity and detail than ever before
the lead author was Matt pottinger the
deputy National Security adviser he told
Josh Rogan that the report was the Trump
administration's own version of NSC 68
NSC 68 was one of the most foundational
documents of American foreign policy
during the Cold War it called for a
tripling of the US defense budget and an
extensive military buildup to prevent
the Soviet Union from achieving world
domination but pottinger's comparison
between his memo and NC 68 was useful
but flawed the main difference was in
the strength of the economic ties
between America and its adversary the
United States in the Soviet Union barely
traded with each other meanwhile us
trade with China was worth more than
$600 billion in 20120 and currently
China produces 60% of the world's Rare
Earth minerals but processes nearly 90%
of them giving China a near Monopoly on
critical resources and materials the
modern world relies on to function this
makes decoupling the progressive
separation of American and Chinese
economies very difficult to accomplish
according to Michael Pillsbury it's a
fantasy I think decoupling is really a
rhetorical device it's not happening
we're not decoupling at all so the
phenomena we face now is on TV you get a
senator or congressman who has an idea
I'm going to I don't want China to be
number one in the world my legislation
will stop this in some small way and
that they'll do an oped piece but in
terms of legislation or executive orders
of the president that deal with
important parts of
China nothing has passed nothing has
passed still Trump was satisfied with
what he achieved Josh Rogan actually
called him and they had a very
interesting conversation
well what's the answer if China had
attacked Taiwan while you were president
would you have sent the US
Military and he says well Josh I never
speak about such things I would never
say that's a matter of National Security
I'm like come on just tell me just tell
me he says well the truth is it it's not
an issue I'm like oh really why he says
well I had assurances from the very top
that China would not attack Taiwan as
long as I was president he's like all
eight years of my president see it they
were never going to attack I had
assurances from the top I said from who
what do you mean the top he's like I
can't tell you I'm like xingping he's
like I can't say but yes what so that's
what interviewing Trump is like on the
sixth answer he tells you the thing that
you wanted sometimes he tells you the
thing that you wanted to know well not
only the thing you wanted to know but
something even more mindboggling
mindboggling that g Jinping had promised
president Trump yeah that he would not
attack Taiwan and Trump believed him
yeah yeah and that's
crazy is a liar that's right and that
might have lulled Trump into a false
sense of security that could have
undermined our response but luckily it
didn't come to that but in a second term
it just
might America is facing its biggest
challenge since the Cold War in fact
it's bigger because China's Elites have
been carefully laying the foundations
for Conflict for decades 30 years ago a
curious Chinese intellectual visited the
US he was here for business not for
pleasure he took notes those notes
turned into a book called America
against America that curious
intellectual is named Wang huning he's
the fourth ranked member of the pullit
burough standing committee China's top
decision-making body he's been
instrumental in developing key parts of
xi's agenda such as Xi Jinping thought
the Chinese dream and the belt and Road
initiative and he was very inspired by
what he thought were the beneficial
aspects of American Capital ISM that he
could take back with him but he's also
been studying America's weak points its
little divisions ruptures and
susceptibilities for 30 years as
outlined in this book while Chinese
Elites have been preparing for war
American Elites have been asleep at the
wheel or Worse they've been actively
collaborating with China in hollowing
out the American middle class and
weakening our defenses China is richer
more powerful and better organized than
the Soviet Union ever was the CCP is
waging the world's biggest influence
building campaign to promote its own
interests and it's built the capacity to
launch cyber attacks that can disrupt
critical infrastructure Assets in every
major American
city just recently in April of 2024 FBI
director Christopher Ray announced that
Chinese government linked hackers had
successfully gained access to us
infrastructure and numerous American
companies until telecommunications
energy water and other critical sectors
and are waiting for just the right
moment to deal a devastating blow so
what should we do about all of this
first America needs to develop real
self-sufficiency that means in the near
term reassuring American jobs in vital
Industries like semiconductors
Pharmaceuticals and even the production
of basic manufactured goods like masks
and vital equipment and it requires
recogn izing that our national security
is vital to our way of life the export
controls President Biden announced in
October 2022 are a good start the
regulations are designed to prevent us
firms from exporting their best chips to
China and prohibit American citizens
from helping Chinese companies develop
cuttingedge manufacturing capabilities
the second important thing is to go back
to the true roots of capitalism a
version that emphasizes production over
consumption in other words one that
values Auto and steel Manu ufacturing
more than Banking and Consulting in
decades since the Civil infrastructure
Investments of FDR and Eisenhower we've
allowed our American cities to Simply
crumble meanwhile China continues to
innovate and push forward in
infrastructure construction and
Innovation Biden has spent a lot of
money here but with few rear results in
major Urban environments all you need to
do is go to any major American city to
see that much of this money has just
gone to grift next the US must invest in
Frontier Science and Technology not just
business model Innovation or modern
defense companies real breakthroughs in
areas like free energy and anti-gravity
huh I realized that sounds extremely
armchair and is easier said than done
but I do present some interesting
historical Frameworks in past episodes
that could represent paths to progress
here still the challenge Visa China is
immense and while the Middle East is
escalating into a powder keg the Chinese
pullup burough is using it as a
distraction to sharpen its sword the
recent Purge of high-ranking Chinese
military officials shows that Xi Jinping
continues to tighten his grip on power
he broke precedent and secured a third
five-year term as general secretary he's
removed most of the more liberal and
economically minded leaders from the pul
buau to Pivot more towards Hardline
nationalists he even had former leader
huin Tao escorted from the Great Hall of
the people on the human rights front the
Chinese government has Ed millions of
Wagers in re-education camps in an
attempt to stamp out their identity it
brutally cracked down on pro-democracy
protests in Hong Kong and it's actively
planning how to invade Taiwan there was
this senator who told me for the book
which I had reported in the book about
Taiwan for example that Trump had told
him quote we're 8,000 ft from China
taiwan's 200 ft away if they attack
there isn't a [__] thing we could do
about it y that's what he said that's a
quote in the book yeah that was in the
book so I asked Trump about that I said
so did you really say that well Josh I
would never tell you and meanwhile the
US and its Public Health institutions
reacted at best like a woozy boxer to
the pandemic and then acted like a drug
addict afterwards resuming our national
addiction to Outsource Supply chains and
to gain a function research for decades
our business and political Elites helped
China grow into a world power the
boomers are like they're set to be the
first generation that can't get theeran
American Dream to work and because of
the culture of personal responsibility
the idea of just failing at the American
dream doesn't it's like not an
option so China becomes the source of
the American dream it's really the
Chinese dream of getting wealthy
Americans to sell things off to China so
that they can pretend to live better
than their
parents one of x's favorite books is fa
by gerto his father Xiang xun was a CCP
official and vice chairman of the
people's Congress before being sent to
do humiliating factory work and then
prison by Ma as part of his re-education
campaign during the cultural revolution
xi's mother was even forced to publicly
disown her husband so by choosing
ascendants in the CTP X is making a fan
bargain acknowledging his indelible ties
to Chinese materialist progress or as he
calls it Marxism with Chinese character
istics the United States has made a
similar fan bargain by selling out our
middle class security and
self-sufficiency for personal enrichment
favors and cheaper
[Music]
TVs this show is generally about the
fact that there are worlds Beyond this
one that hold repercussions for our
Earthly actions so what will you do make
a ftin bargain and choose to stand idy
by personally I don't want war with
China China and I love Chinese culture
and people but the US must understand
the extent to which it's being
undermined and co-opted if it ever wants
an independent and free future in many
ways the mass surveillance of big Tech
in the US mirror is Chinese Mass
surveillence cancel culture is similar
to social credit scoring in the American
schooling system where ivy league Elites
or excellent sheep Scurry about for gold
stars and jobs in banking and Consulting
is simply America's modern version of
the Chinese Confucian bureaucracy system
so we need to stop mindlessly competing
with China at what they're best at these
are lame accelerationist races that will
destroy the us from the inside out as
much as they will help it become
competitive with China perhaps if David
grush is right and we're in a cold war
with China to reverse engineer non-human
technology we must look to more
Transcendent forces perhaps in the dark
forest for a benevolent partner that can
allow America to transcend this M medic
Lucidity trap
[Music]